TJ first updates to README.md (#9)
fornax-navo/fornax-documentation: README.md

  * Increased inclusion,
  * Increased ease of use
* Who is it for?
  * All astronomers, particularly those interested in analysis of NASA astrophysics data. 
* Limits: What does it not do?
  * How many cores/RAM do I get?
    * There are several options for the size of the compute.  Please select the smallest that you can use for testing and exploration.  Do not use the larger images unless you have already tested a smaller subset of the analysis on a smaller compute instance.    
    * In JK's understanding (which needs to be updated) you get what the numbers say when you choose a server upon login, but for a limited time if you need slightly more, the code will not crash but will have access to slightly more. 
    * Raen has seen some evidence of this "bursting" behavior, but doesn't have direct knowledge of the actual configuration. It would be good to know.
  * How much disk space do I have access to?
    * Current default is 10GB (Feb 2024).
    * This can be increased on request.  
  * What restrictions are there to prevent egress charges?

>     * Raen's understanding is:

Reviewer: Now that we have a succinct answer from Tess, I think we can remove the historical aside and some other info that might be too much for users. 
```suggestion
   
```

        * As far as I can tell, the best (AWS) option for actual controls -- beyond just "monitoring" support -- is [AWS Budgets Actions](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/get-started-with-aws-budgets-actions/).

>         * AWS may charge *ingress* fees to bring data into an SMCE pod or user instance. This would be completely separate from any egress fees. There Someone working more directly on Fornax Daskhub would need to answer whether/how ingress applies.

Author: Lots of this info is still useful.  I would leave it.  (Except for the ingress, which we need an answer to.  My understanding is that there are no ingress charges.)

  * follow [conda documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html)
  * specifically [managing environments](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html#managing-envs)
* Can I get a list of what software is already pre-installed on the Fornax Science Console?

>  * Software is installed in miniconda environments.  You can use the usual conda commands to list the contents of each.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Software is installed in miniconda environments.  You can use "[conda list](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/commands/list.html)"  to list the contents of each.  
```
